The fair-weather breeze blew the grass of the slope near the school's riverbank. The pair sat a few inches from the water with their bags on their respective sides.

"A-Aah..!" Emma squeaked, her reflexes making her shoulder touch her earlobe. "V-Vu~ise-kun—I'm ticklish there..!"

[Vyse] "..?! You just told me I can apply the gel myself!"

Vyse lowered his hand, dabbed in petroleum jelly, halting the treatment on Emma's neck.

"Nnn—S-Sorry! I-It's just very cold... You can still apply it for me, but let me prepare myself first..!" Emma pouted and wiggled her legs a little to shake off the coldness she was expecting.

"Ah... Well..." Vyse watched Emma's gestures and found them absolutely adorable. "...Maybe if I..."

Emma felt the hand resting on her lap warm up. She opened her eyes and saw Vyse's snowy-white skin on top of hers. She felt his thumb draw little circles on her wrist. Who knew a cryomancer would still produce cozy amounts of heat?

"...My mother always did this to me when I'm nervous about something..." Vyse couldn't help but grin at the sight of his hand touching Emma's. "I wonder if it'll work here."

Emma didn't notice her cheeks reddening up, opting to gaze into Vyse's expression.

"...I-I didn't know you would feel nervous as a child..."

"...Eh?" Vyse turned back to Emma and tilted his head. "Do you think I'm a doll? Who told you otherwise?"

"..A-Ah... Fum-Fum did!" Emma cheekily smiled and pointed her finger. "He always goes on and on about you being so nonchalant!"

"I-It kinda sounds like he's describing me as an alien..."

Deadpanning, Vyse raised his wrist near Emma's neck to apply the rest of the jelly.

"I'm human too, you know..."

Emma glanced at the corner of her eye. "..More like an angel..."

"What'd you say—"

"G-GIMME A COUNTDOWN!!"

Emma shrieked with her eyes shut. Vyse rubbed it off and shrugged his shoulders.

"..Alright then..." Vyse leaned down a little to get a better view of Emma's swelling. "...One... Two..."

...Three.

The gel spread into Emma's reddened neck, but all she could feel was the warmth of Vyse's fingers, both on her neck and on her resting hand.

She let out a relaxed sigh, inhaling and exhaling after every stroke. The healing energy Vyse gave off was enough to make her sleep. She'd doze off if she wanted to.

[Vyse] "...How's that?" The deep tone in Vyse's voice made Emma tingle. "Does that feel any better?"

"...Hmm..~" The smile on the Swiss girl's face said it all. "..Hold it just for a few more minutes..~"

Vyse retorted, but happily complied with a chuckle. "Hai, hai... I guess since you're sleepy now, you wouldn't want this pack of bread crusts I have here."

Emma's eyes shot open with her pupils shrinking. "B-Bread crusts?!"

"Aaand there she is." Vyse's smile widened, and he gently took off his hand held by Emma.

He reached into his bag and pulled out a freshly bought pack of bread crusts that filled and rested on his lap. His thumbs dug into the soft loaf of bread, peeling a little while showing the yummy cream under the package.

[Vyse] "I am so lucky to have bought this... This was the last batch of bread crusts in the cafeteria, and it's good for two."

"Honto?!~" Emma clapped her hands together and gleamed in delight. "Thank you so much, Vu~ise-kun! I love to eat pastries!"

"I-I'm well aware..." Vyse sweated a little, remembering the choice of foods she had in their childhoods.

[Vyse] "Perhaps I should buy some the next time I get the chance..." The smug Vyse turned to Emma with a little smirk. "We could share some during lunchtime..."

"A-Aw..." Emma took her wrists and buried her cheeks with them. "Y-You don't have to, you know... F-Fum-Fum and the others will be jealous!"

"Euh? Let them be... They deserve it for being so annoying..."

Emma and Vyse shared a laugh, as the latter gently broke the bread and handed the bigger half to Emma.

"Ehehe..~ Thank you..." She gently took the bread with her fingers and stared at the cream leaking from inside.

After a little while, the wind suddenly blew a strong gust to the left, and it made Emma's braids wave with it.

"A-Aah..! That feels great!~" She giggled, her gaze drifting towards the river where the afternoon sun danced across the surface. "Spring is the perfect time to... drift off, don't you think?"

Emma let out a small squeal as a sudden breeze swept over the grassy slope, the chill prompting her to finally give in and sink into the emerald blades.

Vyse watched her, mesmerized. To him, she looked like a little lamb lazing in the meadow, clutching her favorite snack. If this wasn't a glimpse of heaven, he didn't know what was.

"...That reminds me of something, Emma-chan."

Vyse shifted, propping himself up on his hip beside her. He kept his head elevated, looking down at her softly.

[Vyse] "You looked... awfully tired a while ago."

"Hm? I did?" Emma opened her eyes, her brow furrowing in thought. "Ah... I-I might have overworked myself a bit. I was just helping the Student Council with some paperwork!"

"The Student Council?" Vyse tilted his head, his interest piqued. "Are you planning on joining the Union?"

"Oh, no! I-I just..." Emma's expression softened, her voice dropping to a whisper. "I just really love being useful to people."

"That's the problem." Vyse's playful smile faded, replaced by a shadow of concern. "Usually, you're energized after helping others. But today... you looked drained. That was new. And honestly? It was a little weird."

"W-Was it...?" Emma pressed a hand to her cheek, feeling the weight of his observation. "I-I don't think it's a big deal, though. It was just a different experience, even for me..."

"Are you sure about that?"

Vyse could hear the tremor of doubt in her voice. He lowered himself fully onto the grass, bringing his face level with hers. Now, they were eye-to-eye, the scent of crushed clover between them.

[Vyse] "Are we really going to ignore the fact that you were wearing a dog collar?"

The words hung in the air. Emma went rigid, the color draining from her face as guilt surged through her.

"...U...um..."

"...Hey."

Vyse reached out, his fingers lightly tapping the back of her hand to draw her focus back.

"You don't have to be scared of the truth. It's okay to be honest with me. If there's anyone in the world you can be real with..."

He moved his hand to his chest, resting it over his heart.

[Vyse] "...let it be me."

Emma's heart skipped a beat. The way he said it—so steady, so tender—felt as if he had reached directly into her soul and pulled her into an embrace. She couldn't imagine anyone else in the world saying those words to her.

Slowly, she mirrored his position, turning onto her side to face him fully. Her eyes were wide and shimmering as she spoke in a small, fragile whimper.

[Emma] "...P...Please... promise me you'll keep this a secret?"

She reached out, clutching his hand with both of hers as if it were a lifeline. Her pleading gaze was enough to make Vyse's chest ache.

"...E...Emma..."

Vyse's gaze deepened, his fingers instinctively intertwining with hers, locking them together.

"...I promise."

"U-Um... you see..." Emma swallowed hard, her eyes dropping to their joined hands. "I-I've been—"

[Fumio] "Steal all the fun for yourselves, why don't ya—"

The pair jolted. Emma let out a sharp cry while Vyse's pupils shrunk in shock. They scrambled into a sitting position, spinning around to find the source of the intrusion.

Standing there with his hands on his hips and his cheeks puffed out in a mock pout was Fumio, looking thoroughly unamused.

"Of all the people I expected to ditch class, I didn't think it would be you two lovebirds..."

"F-Fumio-kun?!" Emma's hands flew to her face, trying to hide the crimson heat spreading across her cheeks. "F-Fum-Fum—don't say things like that!"

"No, I'm serious—" Fumio narrowed his eyes, pointing a steady finger at Vyse. "I noticed this one never made it back from the 'restroom,' so I had to present our project all by myself, you dipshit."

"A-Ah—right. Class..." Vyse's gaze darted toward the river, a nervous laugh bubbling up as he tried to avoid Fumio's piercing stare.

"Wait, what?!" Emma's embarrassment shifted into a frantic scolding. She planted her hands on her waist before reaching out to bonk Vyse on the head. [Emma] "You ditched your own presentation?! You're going to be in so much trouble!"

[Vyse] "Agh—hey! I-I lost track of time! I didn't mean to!"

"Wait, hold on—" Emma held up her palms, turning back to Fumio with a puzzled look. "How did you even find us here, Fum-Fum?"

Fumio tilted his chin up, looking unimpressed. "It was easy. 'Miko-chan came by asking about Vyse. Apparently, the Student Council is looking for him."

He jerked his thumb over his shoulder toward the school building. [Fumio] "Since he never returned from the stalls, I figured I'd check here once class let out." He gestured toward the secluded, shaded slope where they were tucked away under the trees. "This is Vyse's 'secret' spot whenever he wants to disappear from the world."

"Woah..." Emma turned to Vyse, her eyes wide with curiosity. "Is that so...?"

"S-So much for a secret hiding place," Vyse muttered, shaking off the blush and turning back to his friend. "But you said the Student Council... why do they need me?"

"No clue." Fumio shrugged, his expression unreadable. "They didn't say. Although... they actually asked about Emma first, before your name even came out of their mouths."

"...Me?" Emma pointed to herself, her heart sinking. A heavy silence fell between her and Vyse as worry began to cloud the afternoon sun.

[Emma] "Oh no... we're going to get reprimanded, aren't we?" she whispered.

"Maybe it's just because we missed the period," Vyse suggested, a bead of sweat rolling down his temple.

Fumio let out a dry hum, crossing his arms. "Or maybe it's a violation of the policy against public displays of affection."

"F-FUM-FUM!" Emma gripped the fabric of her skirt, her face turning a shade of red that rivaled the sunset.
