The Student Union Office, now properly lit, was ready for its private discussion. With the three aforementioned members still involved, their wait was over once Fumio had escorted Vyse to the office.

"Thanks so much, 'Mio-kun!" Fumiko happily exclaimed as she pinched Fumio's cheek. "I owe you one, you little sweetie..."

"Arghaua—" Fumio babbled and continued to point with his thumb once Fumiko was done pinching. "Yeah, I brought someone else too..."

After Vyse entered the office, he was also accompanied by Emma, who curiously stared at the Council members with the swelling on her neck semi-healed.

[Fumiko] "And you brought Emma-chan too?!"

Ecstatic, Fumiko's eyes glimmered, and she suddenly punched Fumio's arm, with him letting out a quiet [Fumio] "owie."

[Fumiko] "You just scored yourself a date with yours truly!~"

"Ah, excellent... You brought Liang-san and Verde-san." Nana was pleased and welcomed the two to sit down with a gesture.

"A-Ah, thank you for having us..." Vyse bowed down to the respective Council members while Emma followed. "Nakagawa-san, Mifune-san, a-and..."

Vyse gently and nervously opened his eye. "...S-Sakura-san..."

He tried his best to avoid her gaze.

"...A-Aré?—" Fumiko was confused until the memory hit her.

[Fumiko] "A-Ah!!—No, no!" She quickly waved her hand. "Don't worry about the incident regarding my confession! I've moved on from that!"

"I-Is that so? A-Ah, thank the maker..." Vyse let out a sigh of relief, as well as a relaxed smile.

"..Huh...? Confession..?" Emma looked in horror as she watched Vyse and Fumiko shaking hands to confirm their closure. She showed a little bit of... jealousy? Wait, what—

"Ah, glad that is settled... I was worried for a second."

Nana acknowledged the two's situation after being a bystander to Fumiko.

"Please, sit down, the both of you."

For some reason, Emma suddenly clutched the hand Vyse used to shake Fumiko's hand, and she held onto it... hard.

[Emma] "Let's go, Vu~ise-kun."

Confused, Vyse just let out a "huh?" and was dragged to the cube-shaped armchairs in front of Nana and Shioriko, with Fumiko standing beside them.

After the two sat down, Vyse was the first to break the silence after that little event.

"S-So... What's the issue, Seitokaichou? Am I in trouble for skipping class?"

Shioriko perked up. "You were skipping class?"

"Please forget you heard that..." Vyse deadpanned to himself, tempted to fist his own skull right there and then.

"Liang-san," Nana locked her fingers together, "I have heard that you were the last person to see Verde-san today."

"I was..?" Vyse glanced at Fumio. With a question like that, this was definitely not what he expected. "..Apparently, I was, yes..."

"In behalf of the Nijigasaki Student Council, I ask you to answer this with only the truth..."

Nana leaned a little closer from her chair. "What state did you see Verde-san in when you spotted her?"

"...Ah, that..." Vyse's face contorted in disgust. "...It was very unusual..."

He started counting with his fingers and listing off what he saw.

[Vyse] "She was standing outside the boys' room, she was leashed onto a pipe like she was a dog... and there were papers stacked beside where she was standing... Like, what on Earth happened?"

The Council members were alerted and glanced at each other. These were the answers they were looking for. Finally, they had an actual trusted witness instead of listening to rumors around the school.

Shioriko turned to Vyse with a serious gaze, and then—

[Fumio] "What the hell? Emma-chan in a collar?"

All five students turned to the office's door, some of them shrieking out of fear, and lo and behold, they were met with the fact that Fumio had been there all along, listening.

"M-'Mio-kun?!" Fumiko scrambled, almost dropping the clipboard around her hands. "Why are you here?!"

"...Uh..." Fumio's eyes squinted at the air, then he shrugged his shoulders at Fumiko. "You never told me to leave this time?"

[Setsuna] "H-Huh..? This time?" After being startled, Nana had to adjust her glasses. "You allow Hasashi-san inside the office..?"

[Fumiko] "N-No!—A-Ahaha~ Th-That'd be ridiculous because... N-No student is allowed here—"

In a lightning-swift motion, Fumiko pinched Fumio's side and twisted the skin while whispering:

"If you talk about this outside of the office, I will friggin' kill you—"

"O-Ow—My bilzer—" Fumio's twitching hand grabbed Fumiko's wrist, pleading with her to stop.

"H-Hasashi-san, please... We really need you to keep this confidential info hidden..." Nana shook her head, already disapproving of this decision she had no choice in.

"I-It's that dire, huh..?" Fumio gently nodded. "For Emma-chan."

"Thank you, thank you so much..." Nana nodded, and then turned to Vyse to signal him to continue his story.

"B-Back to the topic..." Vyse glanced reluctantly at Fumio before turning back to Nana. "...She was really exhausted. I've never seen her tired before, and our friend group can confirm that Emma being tired isn't normal..."

Nana's belief in Vyse solidified once she noticed that Fumio himself was shocked to hear Emma feeling fatigued.

"..I see... That's all the info we need."

Nana's glasses glew bright as she covered her lips with her intertwined fingers. Shioriko nodded at her, then turned to Fumio and Vyse.

"Liang-san, Hasashi-san, thank you for cooperating with us. We kindly ask you to leave the room, as we will speak to Verde-san in private."

"...Y-You mean... that's it?" Vyse tilted his head. "I won't be in trouble..?"

Fumiko nodded. "We'll tell Kuro-sensei that we needed you two, therefore he'll excuse your absence in his class."

"I-Is that so... Very well, I'll leave you all to it... Thank you very much for having me."

Vyse and the Council members nodded to each other, while Emma watched him walk towards the office door and leave her alone.

[Fumio] "Hey—" Before opening the door, Fumio whispered to Vyse, "Now I know Emma being in a collar isn't supposed to sound sexual, but—"

[Vyse] "Sh-Shut it—"

As Vyse moved Fumio's face away so he wouldn't see his reddened face, the two boys gently closed the door behind them to let the Council members attend to their business.

Emma saw herself being stared at by the Council members with utmost sympathy.

"...Verde-san..." Nana, now filled with regret, said, "On behalf of Williams' felonies against you, we apologize for his behavior..."

"H-Huh?" Emma stammered. "Y-Y... You knew...? You all knew?"

"It started with rumors." Shioriko nodded. "We had to confirm if they were true or not... Luckily, Liang-san was the perfect witness for confirmation..."

[Emma] "V-Vu~ise-kun was?" She sheepishly glanced at the three.

"Emma-chan, please tell us..." Fumiko gently put her hand on Emma's shoulder. "How long did you have to suffer those humiliating things he made you do?"

"...Ah... Th-That was..." Emma paused a little, with her eyes tiredly counting her fingers. "...It's been happening for three weeks now...?"

The Student Council grimaced in disappointment. Nana was feeling awful.

"I am so sorry that you had to go through that..." Nana bowed her whole top body over her table to express deep sorrow. "We will make sure this will never happen again, and you will be safe from his radar..."

"Ah... Hontoni?" Emma nervously giggled and nodded her head. "Th-Thank you! E-Ehehe..."

"Although, we have one small request..."

Nana added, and it made Emma stop to listen to their plea.

"...No matter what you do, please... let us keep this situation between ourselves."

Nana clapped her hands together, shaking them gently to express desperation.

"This could tarnish the Student Council's reputation, and we wouldn't wish for our innocent members to be dragged because of it..."

"...Keep it a... secret...?"

Emma thought deeply about this, making her turn to the chair Vyse had sat on a few minutes ago.

"...I can keep it from people, yes, but... C-Can't I express it to my closest friends..?"

"We cannot risk that, Verde-san." Shioriko shook her head. "You must respect our proposal."

Emma's posture and eyes saddened, as she was dying to express what she felt to her best friends.

"...If that is what must be done... Then... alright... I will comply."

"Thank you very much, Verde-san." Nana remarked. "...By the looks of your gaze, I understand your need to address this to Liang-san, but rest assured, we are here to speak with you if you have any troubles on his behalf."

"...U-Um—What—" Emma silently shrieked. The mention of Vyse's name caught her off guard.

Shioriko turned to Nana and found it weird that she mentioned Vyse of all people.

"...Verde-san has a special side for Liang-san...? I always thought it was Hasashi-san and Liang-san all along."

"SH-SHIO—" Fumiko, in disbelief, slammed the desk and pointed at her partner. "YOU'RE DENSE WHEN IT COMES TO LOVE, BUT YOU'RE AWARE ABOUT THE CONCEPT OF BEING GAY?!"

Shioriko tiredly shrugged her shoulders. "I study the LGBTQ community when it comes to politics..."
