The elusive Makoto Williams happily strutted through the school corridors like he just won the lottery.

Not that he needed the lottery in the first place.

The quiet halls were filled with the squeaking of his feet. Not loud enough to disturb the busy classrooms within, but enough to start a little tune he couldn't stop humming to.

In his hand was a leash that wrapped between his fingers, locking him into his grasp. The leash was connected to the neck of a Swiss girl, Emma Verde, who had been following him wherever he went without a choice. She carried a stack of papers in her arms that were too much for her arm strength, weighing her down.

"Uuf... W-Williams-san—W-We've been walking for hours now..." Emma tried to scratch the skin under the collar around her neck. "C-Can we please... huff, can we please sit down for a little...?"

"...Hm. Good idea. I'm craving those bread crusts in the cafeteria." Makoto claimed as he tugged on Emma's leash, which made her squeak a little.

"Uhu... B-Bread crusts..." Emma couldn't help but think of the pastries she could be eating during lunchtime if Makoto didn't find her first.

"Don't worry, little puppy. After you serve me and my little sister some as our afternoon snacks, I'll make sure to feed you some bits, but you're not allowed to use your hands." Makoto looked back and pointed at his mouth. "You're gonna have to catch it with your mouth."

"B-But I can't do that..! It will just fall off and be wasted..!"

"Well then, I guess next time you'd think twice before spilling curry sauce on my uniform." Makoto proudly tilted his head like he had just put a criminal to justice.

"I-I said I was sorry..." Emma's eyes delved deeper into sadness. "I-It was an accident..."

"Sorries are nothing to me, Verde-chan. What really matters are actions, to prove that you really are 'sorry'."

A convinced Emma sulked a bit. "...Well... I-If it pleases you, Williams-san..."

Emma felt the leash of the collar loosen a little, only to notice that Makoto had stopped in front of the restroom entrance.

"All of that tea earlier caused a little tremble in the forest." Makoto tugged the leash to get Emma's attention. "Come now, puppy."

"..?! W-Wait..!" This was the first time Emma had resisted Makoto's tugging.

She stared at the boys' bathroom sign in horror, clutching the stack of papers to her chest.

"N-No..! P-Please, this is too much..! I-I—" Emma couldn't stop stuttering. Her heart started to race. She's going to be in a lot of trouble.

Once she turned to Makoto to beg, she found herself staring into his deadly glare, enough to cut her skin.

"Did you just turn me down?"

She's done it now. Her breath paused at the sight and at the knowledge that Makoto would make her do such a thing.

"...Pfft—Haha!~ I'm kidding, obviously~" Makoto smugly shook his head. "You should have seen your face... I'm not a heartless monster."

Makoto took the leash's wrap from his fingers and hooked it to a nearby knob that connected to pipes.

"I won't take long, okay?" Makoto looked at Emma behind his shoulder and sneered at her. "Don't go anywhere, little puppy~."

As Makoto entered the bathroom stalls, Emma was left catching her breath. She could feel her heart pounding through the stack of papers.

Out of exhaustion, she gently put the papers down on the floor as they rested against the wall in front of her. She clutched her knees to recover her energy, which had been abused to its limits.

"H-Hah... Hah... mein Güte... I-I've never felt... th-this tired before..."

Emma wiped a sweat droplet with her finger and stared at her wet skin.

"..D-Did I bite more than I could chew this time..? O-Or is Williams-san just... too much..?"

Emma sighed and reluctantly stood back up straight to regain her composure.

"..Maybe being too lax and carefree had me deserving this... I-I should have been more careful with the curry sauce that day..."

Emma closed her eyes to mope. Her naivety was clashing with what was right, but none of it was centered around pity for herself.

The audacity of this boy... Abusing her naivety to humiliate her in front of a lot of students, then overworking her to the point of exhaustion.

This girl needs a break... And that, she will eventually get.

In her trance, Emma noticed a pair of footsteps coming from the boys' room. She assumed it was Makoto, done with his business, but she didn't notice that the footsteps were actually shoes sliding, being dragged on the floor one after the other.

That distinctive squeaky method of walking belonged to...

[Vyse] "..Emma-chan..?"

Emma opened her eyes as she recognized that voice.

It was Vyse Liang, one of Emma's childhood friends. A fine, young gentleman who rivals the looks of Makoto, but is sweeter than a lollipop made by a honeybee.

"..V...V-Vu~ise-kun?!" Emma blushed so hard that she forgot the situation she was currently in. "U-Um... H-Hi—I'm sorry, I didn't notice you the—"

Vyse grabbed onto Emma's shoulders, and this shocked her.

"Emma?! What in the world is that around your neck?!"

Emma had never heard Vyse's deep but soft voice as loud as he just demonstrated, as well as the look on his face. It's so... broad... She thinks he was always so quiet and calm; this was so different from what she knew of him.

[Emma] "A-Aré..?" The contrast of his voice confused her a little. "Um, this? A-Ah— I-It's just a... s-stylistic choice..! Y-You know, like... th-the drama club's costumes... W-Woof woof—"

Before she could think of anything else to cover the embarrassing look, Vyse had seen through her lies and already swiped a swift cut on Emma's collar using his cryomancy, splitting it and letting it fall to the ground, then kicking it away with his shoe.

"You shouldn't be wearing that..."

Emma was stunned after the chain of events. All she heard was a quick gust of wind that sounded like a knife, the little snowflakes that had trailed after it, and then the tight collar coming off her like it was a butterfly shedding its cocoon.

"Ah..." Emma stared at the collar Vyse just kicked and felt the relief in her neck as she gently touched it with her palm. "I-It's... gone now..."

Vyse turned back to Emma and noticed the irritation marks around her neck. He went over and held her hand that was touching it.

"Look at you... You're swelling up..."

Emma felt the softness of his hand. The gentle effort he put in felt like he was handling a newborn kitten. She gazed at Vyse, who carefully analyzed her collar mark.

"Oh, lucky for you, I have petroleum jelly on me..." Vyse grabbed hold of Emma's hand and tugged her a little to prompt her to follow him. "Let's go patch you up..."

[Emma] "..Euh?"

Emma, now remembering her place as an [none] "errand girl," glanced at the boys' room and hesitated to follow Vyse.

[Emma] "W-Wait, I can't right now..! If I'm not here, h-he might get mad..."

Vyse clutched her hand and leaned a little closer to make Emma trust him.

[Vyse] "I can fill in for you later. Our teacher wouldn't mind."

Emma stared into his eyes, now just a few inches from her own. She couldn't muster her words due to how close they were.

[Emma] "..N-No—Y-You misunderstand me! W-Waiii—!"

She found herself being dragged by the lovable Bishōnen she had known since she was young.

Usually, it was always him being dragged around. Dragged by the Hasashi cousins, Fumio and Alicia, to do their crazy and silly antics. Dragged by Emma's best friend, Karin Asaka, who loves to paint his nails and ask him to be her dance partner.

Now, it's his turn... And it's with Emma, of all people. She couldn't stop thinking of how special that made her feel... It was just a small little gesture that was unnoticeable to the unseeing, and yet it felt like her world started moving again after one hell of a day.
