One of the First Year representatives of Nijigasaki's Student Council, Shioriko Mifune, sat patiently, waiting for her partner to come through the Student Union Office doors.

Both she and her partner were called for a confidential meeting regarding a situation on the school grounds that could tarnish what the Student Council aims to be.

Shioriko was the first to arrive at the empty Union Office, a little bit too early for normal people. With her paperwork already done and her assignments in check, she sat in the dimly lit office without an itch of boredom on her face.

She had never had a meeting at this time of day, let alone a secret one. All students were meant to be in their respective classes, but the Student Council President's proposal to break this rule once had been approved by the teachers.

The President had gathered two of her most trusted co-workers for the situation at hand. She's gonna need all the help she can get while laying low so as not to gather any attention...

The door opened gently, and Shioriko heard a voice coming from behind it.

[Fumiko] "Thanks for walking me here! Go back to class now, 'Mio-kun! Take care!"

Her partner had finally arrived. She bid someone farewell behind the door before closing it. Once she did, Shioriko could see her face puffing up like a strawberry marshmallow.

The girl stared at the floor with a blank look on her face, then immediately covered it with her hands while bouncing up and down, her ponytail swaying with her movements.

"...Sakura-san?" Shioriko tilted her head concerningly. "Are you alright?"

"H-Hm?"

Fumiko Sakura, the Secretary of the Student Council, peeked through her fingers and saw Shioriko's mouth agape.

"A-Ah! Hey, Shio-chan! You're early as usual..." Fumiko composed herself and approached the table Shioriko was sitting at.

"Your face is red again... This has been going on daily for the past month..."

"O-Oh, it is?" Fumiko held her cheek. "I-It's nothing bad! It's just that 'Mio-kun walked me here again... KIEE—That little frog is so sweet—"

Shioriko stood confused while Fumiko kept being giddy about her little dream boy.

"...Fumio Hasashi? The one you met last month?"

"Yes, that's him!" Fumiko clutched her bag, still wearing a dazed smile. "We've been hanging out a lot recently... It's been real great to keep my mental health stable, no? God, that boy really knows how to make a girl happy..."

"...S-So..." Shioriko shrugged her shoulders. "How is that connected with your face being red?"

"Hah?! Didn't I tell both you and Nana-chan?" Fumiko pointed her finger. "I really like 'Mio-kun, y'know... Like... I LIKE, like him."

"I still have no clue what you are talking about... But as long as you're okay and happy. Reliability is a rare trait."

"We really need to get you a boyfriend, Shio-chan." Fumiko tapped Shioriko's arm as Shio just swayed from the motion. "You've got to settle down and relax some more."

Before the tired Shioriko could respond, the door once again opened, alerting the two Council members.

The Student Council President, Nana Nakagawa, had entered the office with her glasses glowing and hiding her orbs.

"...Girls... I'm sorry for disturbing your classes." Nana approached the two girls, stopping behind the chair in the middle of the table where she usually sat.

"It's no worries, Nana-chan!" Fumiko waved her hand. "Kuro-sensei is aware that our duty calls, so we came as soon as we could!"

"But... noticing a theme that you called me and Sakura-san specifically..." Shioriko stared through Nana's glowing glasses. "...It's about the situation with Williams."

"...Mm." Nana nodded, reaching for her clipboard from her bag. "I've heard more reports that he has been doing the same routine with Verde-san."

Fumiko shook her head. "Tsk... How could that little prick not understand the consequences? We might as well cut him off from the Council, Nana-chan!"

"That is exactly what my Last Resort plan is..." Nana hesitantly nodded.

"...Wait—Last Resort? You considered it, but not now?"

"Makoto Williams-san is a great asset to the Student Council... He's an exceptionally competent student to hold the title of Secretary, and I believe he should keep it."

"...Uh—Hello?" Fumiko, dumbfounded, pointed at herself. "Secretary? Competent? I'm right here, you know—"

"N-No, I don't mean that..." Nana's eyes furrowed. "You're already doing too much. You need someone to share the burden of your work with..."

Fumiko's jaw dropped. She couldn't believe what she was hearing.

"That's BS, Nana-chan—You don't know this, but that four-eyes dumps all of his paperwork on me, hence DOUBLING my workload! Hell, it would be economical for me if we just kick him out!"

Fumiko had both her arms up in the air as Shioriko went to speak her piece.

"Still, if this situation escalates any further, Williams' bullying would pose an unfavorable impression on the Student Council... People would see him, and they'd throw tomatoes at our colleagues."

"Exactly." Nana nodded with a pout. "We can't let the Student Council suffer from his actions... For the sake of Nijigasaki." Nana turned to Shioriko, now determined.

"For Verde-san." Shioriko complied, then turned to Fumiko.

"...And for MY sanity." Fumiko grumpily looked back to Nana with a glare.

[Setsuna] "First, we need to track him down. Mifune-san, when was the last time he attended his duty hours?"

"A little over a week ago." Shioriko stared at the ceiling to remember. "He was more mysterious than usual. It may seem impossible, but I believe he is aware that we oppose his actions towards Verde-san."

"Th-That is impossible..." Nana, now showing a little fear, shook her head in denial. "Only the three of us know of this, and we never talked about it in public."

Fumiko's face grimaced before she talked.

"As much as it pains me to say, when Makoto claimed he has the ability to know every single secret of the universe," Fumiko stared at Nana's eyes like she had just lost a fight, "...he wasn't lying."

"...Then... Th-Then we must take action and get to the bottom of this as soon as possible!" Nana, now desperate, clenched her fist. "Do you know where he is?"

"Unfortunately, I haven't seen him all week..." Shioriko's face didn't budge from the dire situation. "I tried to get in touch with his classmates, but they do not know where he is, either."

A frustrated Fumiko stomped her boot down with her hand on her hip.

"For God's sake—How come we can't find him when he's literally holding Emma-chan on a leash AND WALKING AROUND THE SCHOOL HALLS, DRAGGING HER WITH HIM?!"
